hi everyone this is Chris harden from
Nintendo players today we're going to
talk about geometry wars galaxies for
the nintendo DS now there's been a lot
of talk about geometry wars galaxies and
there's been a few videos released of
the wii version i just realized the
other day that nobody has videos of the
DS version i checked IGN YouTube and
GameSpot but I couldn't find anything I
acquired a demo of the game while i was
at e3 my autograph TS here and it's
still running so i'd like to share with
it now i should mention that this is an
alpha version of the game it is nowhere
near complete and the final version will
have a lot more stages and actual music
but i've got here is a basic multiplayer
stage enemies spawn and the players try
to shoot the enemies to beat each
other's high scores it gets
progressively more difficult the
standard control scheme is what you see
here using the d-pad to move and the
stylus to shoot it works pretty well in
my opinion I didn't have any problems
with it unlike the 360 arcade title this
game has multiple stages a lot of
different obstacles in those stages this
demo that I've got on here only has one
stage but the one I got to try at e3 had
quite a few now there's a whole lot of
different control scheme options so if
you don't like the touch screen controls
you can just switch to using all buttons
or you could use the touchscreen for
movement and the buttons for shooting
having tried all the different control
schemes I much prefer the touchscreen to
anything else but I'm sure someone
somewhere is going to prefer the button
control so I'll give you a quick demo of
that
okay so you can see here that each of
the buttons is a different direction to
shoot in pressing two buttons down
shoots at an angle and that's pretty
much it for the buttinsky pretty simple
you
a menu that you have a variety of
different options for example you can
swap the screens around and use the
touchscreen that you're playing on to
control or you can change the controls
around as you please you can choose to
use the d-pad for movement or for
shooting the buttons for movement or for
shooting or the touchscreen for movement
or for shooting
you
so by pressing the L button we have the
ability to release large energy energy
blasts when you get stuck at a quarter
you can do that the problem with it is
that you don't get points for destroying
enemies that way so it's preferable not
to use it so that you can gain a higher
score now I'm going to close this TS and
put it away probably for the last time
as I want to be careful not to smudge
any of these autographs thanks for
watching